Clarify use of persist_docs using config-version 2 (#193)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/persist_docs.md

</File>

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

> Note that when using `config-version: 2` you will need to use the `+persist_docs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when using `config-version: 2` you will need to identify the `persist_docs` key as a config using the `+` config syntax:
```
